Problem 1:  Resubstitution in 3-Valued Logic
Resubstitution is a method for logic optimization. It works on a logic network, which is a directed acyclic graph (DAG) where each node represents a combinational logic gate (such as AND, OR, NOT). Resubstitution operates on one node at a time in this DAG and tries to figure out if the logic function of this node can be represented by a function of a set of other nodes.

For example, for a logic network with 3 primary inputs (a, b, c) and 3 other nodes (n1, n2, n3). Suppose the logic functions of n1, n2, n3 are as follows:

n1 = a + c 

n2 = b + c

n3 = ab + c 

where `+` means logic OR. `ab` means `a AND b`. The logic of n3 can be represented by a function of n1 and n2. Namely, n3 = (a+c)(b+c) = n1 n2. By replacing n3 with the function of n1 and n2, we can reuse existing logic and hopefully reduce the area cost of the logic circuit. 

Now, the objective of this question is to decide, for a given logic network with multiple primary outputs, whether we can represent the logic of the last output as a function of all other outputs. Specifically, we consider 3-valued logic, where the three possible values are represented as 0, 1, and 2. 

Logic networks will be given in the BENCH format and the logic function of logic gates will be given as truth tables. The parsers for these formats will be provided, so the contestants only need to focus on the algorithm that decides the possibility of resubstitution.

Reference:

[1] Three-Valued Logic. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three-valued_logic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three-valued_logic) 

[2] Using Simulation and Satisfiability to Compute Flexibilities in Boolean Networks. Alan Mishchenko et al. TCAD 2006, vol.25, no.5, pp.743-755. [https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~alanmi/publications/2005/tcad05_s&s.pdf](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~alanmi/publications/2005/tcad05_s&s.pdf)